### extension operators (`componentN`)

An interesting tidbit about destructuring is that it uses functions called `operator fun componentN`.

If these are added as extension functions to a given class, then we gain the ability to destructure it.

``` kotlin
// from Android-KTX at https://github.com/android/android-ktx/blob/136ba4cdb3b6ece7470cbddeaf6a168021a69a30/src/main/java/androidx/core/graphics/Color.kt
inline val @receiver:ColorInt Int.alpha get() = (this shr 24) and 0xff
inline val @receiver:ColorInt Int.red get() = (this shr 16) and 0xff
inline val @receiver:ColorInt Int.green get() = (this shr 8) and 0xff
inline val @receiver:ColorInt Int.blue get() = this and 0xff

inline operator fun @receiver:ColorInt Int.component1() = (this shr 24) and 0xff
inline operator fun @receiver:ColorInt Int.component2() = (this shr 16) and 0xff
inline operator fun @receiver:ColorInt Int.component3() = (this shr 8) and 0xff
inline operator fun @receiver:ColorInt Int.component4() = this and 0xff

// ------

val (alpha, red, blue, green) = Color.parseString("#2ABCBC")
```

### property delegates (and built-in ones: `lazy`, `observable`/`vetoable`, `by map` for configurations via `Map<String, Any?>`)

Kotlin has a feature called "property delegates" which in my opinion is the second-most "over-abused" feature of the language. 

What it essentially lets you do is define a sort-of "interceptor" for getting a value from a property, or setting a value to a property.

How it works is that one must implement `ReadOnlyProperty` or `ReadWriteProperty`, and we can now use that class as a delegate using `val x by MyProperty()`.

The most common ones are the ones provided by the standard library though.

- `lazy` 

`lazy` lets you "defer" the instantiation of the class to first access. Meaning you define that "this will happen at some point", give it an initializer it will invoke, and the default behavior also uses a double-checked lock around the initializer for the sake of thread-safety.

``` kotlin
val myView by lazy { view.findViewById(R.id.myView) }
```

Please note that this is actually not free because of the double-checked lock, so using it for view references like this would be fairly slow. An unsafe version would be preferred.

``` kotlin
val myView by lazy(LazyThreadSafetyMode.NONE) {
    view.findViewById(R.id.myView)
}
```

- `observable`, `vetoable`, and `by map`

Please refer to the official Kotlin docs for these, as I've actually never used them, even though `observable` sounds pretty handy.

``` kotlin
// TODO: I should probably actually explain what these do.
```

### delegation by class

In Kotlin, it's possible to pass over implementations of a given interface to a value that is passed in to the class via its constructor.

``` kotlin
interface History<T>: List<T> {
    fun top(): T
}

class ListWrapper<T>(
    private val list: List<T>
): History<T> by list {
    override fun top() = list.get(0)
}
```

### JVM annotations: `@JvmOverloads`, `@JvmField`, `@JvmStatic`, `@JvmSuppressWildcards`, `@get:` and `@set:` and `@field:`

It's VERY important to know about the `@Jvm*` annotations, which manipulates what kind of *Java* code will be available as a result of having written your Kotlin code.

For example, Dagger requires `@JvmSuppressWildCards` to generate `Map<? extends Class<?>, Provider<ViewModel>>` instead of `Provider<? extends ViewModel>`-

Parcelable.CREATOR needs to be a `public static final` field, so we must apply `@JvmField` inside the `companion object {`.

If we don't want to call `MyObject.INSTANCE.someMethod()` to access a method inside an `object`, we need to use `@JvmStatic`. It's also required for binding adapters (data-binding) and static provider methods (Dagger modules).

`@JvmOverloads` can be used to generate multiple constructors from a Kotlin constructor that has multiple arguments. However, it should generally NOT be used for Android View constructors (even if your IDE says so).

`@get:` and `@set:` and `@field:` lets you define what an annotation is applied to when you put it on a property.

### annotation processing with Kotlin: `kapt` and `apply plugin: 'kotlin-kapt'`

If you use Java's annotation processing with Kotlin on classes written in Kotlin, then you HAVE TO apply `kotlin-kapt` plugin.

You don't really get any real errors beyond "things not working" if you forget.

```
apply plugin: 'kotlin-android'
apply plugin: 'kotlin-kapt'
```